update DataTable for accessibility (#1709)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/content/data-table.mdx

The `<DataTable>` component acts as the main wrapper to other `<DataTable>`-related components. It must receive an array of type `DataTableColumn` in its `columns` prop. That array should contain objects that describe the columns in your `<DataTable>`.

> For accessibility `<DataTable>` needs the `caption` prop to be supported with a description of what the table represents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For accessibility `caption` must be specified to describe the table's contents.
```

    )
  })

  return (

>     <DataTable caption="this is the table's caption" columns={columns}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <DataTable caption="Cheese examples" columns={columns}>
```

  ]

  return (

>     <DataTable caption="this is the table's caption" columns={columns}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <DataTable caption="Cheese exampes" columns={columns}>
```
